DI-TDE/README.md, before:

# **Dead island - Team Disaster Edition (Definitive Edition MOD)**
---
# Introduction:
For a while years ago, DI has been one of my zombies favourite games. But this got too easy and bored to play. So, now, this mod project its trying to get a painful-hardcore game to people that wanna really enjoy this -as God tell us-.

I really hope that you enjoy it.
---
## Installation:
1. Go to your DIDE folder steam/steamapps/common/DIDE/ (Steam) or wherever you got installed this game.
2. Enter to "DI" folder.
3. Backup data0.pak file (change name file to data0.pak.bak, for example)
4. Repleace/paste data0.pak (mod file) and data3.pak to folder and already to enjoy it.
5. Enjoy it!.

## Recomendation:
Install [Reshade](https://reshade.me) on Dead Island and use my present (.ini file) to get better graphics.
---
## Changed:

Gameplay/settings/optimizations/etc:
- Fov of player has been changed from 62.5 to 97.5, trying to get realistic gamesense
- Fov on boat has been changed to 85 from 60 and boost mode (when accelerate it) to 45 from 60. This trying to simulate a speed-fov-realistic visual effect.
- Quick Slot count set as default 8 (no level influenced) stucked.
- Now "performance mode" its a really performance mode. Lowest settings possible to runs as hell.
- Quality mode: its highest settings for beauty video settings
- Regeneration has decreased to 15hp, slower speed and hardest health stuffs.
- Carriable objects are more balanced...
- More damage receive by zombis. Bite: 70 (from 11), hands: 20 (from 7) and more angle to be biten: 80 (from 60)
- critical health reduced to 5, from 25.
- Regeneration max level reduced to 10 from 30.
- Now, health restore to 15 (without habilities) from critical state.
- On critical health, a damage multiplier activate to survival instinc
- __Repulsion__ effect decreased from 10 to 5.
- __Run__ distance of zombies has more capable to be varialbe
- Melee weapons rework: more speed, damage, critical chance but... also, less durability.
- Blunt weapons rework: less speed, more damage, critical chance and more durability.
- firearms got a buff (obviusly are firearms, it need more damage).
- Fist now are semi-useless BUT, have more exp multiplier and speed increased.
- More distance to throw items.
- Lootpick crates got a buff, now tier 3 got a 100% prob. to a lenged item. tier 2: 66% and tier 1:33% 
- Special habilities from survivor got buff (to reforce concept on each one).
- Every survivor got a rework of their own habilities (rage got a buff, health and stammina balanced). Also, each one of survivors got a diferent speed, stammina, acceleration, etc. So try to playing everyone.
- Female survivors are by default faster than male survivors but have less health. Male survivors have more health but less acceleration and spring speed.
- Health max level: now every five levels you will get a max level bonus (instance every level) but this gonna give you more health whe you reach 60 level. example; before max health was: 240, now while you reach level 60, you got 340 max health. 
---
### I want to support you!
[Gift'em a Coffee cup!](patreon.com/TeamDisaster)

Commit message:

Reshade init preset
load into Reshade app

DI-TDE/README.md, after:

# **Dead island - Team Disaster Edition (Definitive Edition MOD)**
---
# Introduction:
For a while years ago, DI has been one of my zombies favourite games. But this got too easy and bored to play. So, now, this mod project its trying to get a painful-hardcore game to people that wanna really enjoy this -as God tell us-.

I really hope that you enjoy it.
---
## Installation:
1. Go to your DIDE folder steam/steamapps/common/DIDE/ (Steam) or wherever you got installed this game.
2. Enter to "DI" folder.
3. Backup data0.pak file (change name file to data0.pak.bak, for example)
4. Repleace/paste data0.pak (mod file) and data3.pak to folder and already to enjoy it.
5. Enjoy it!.

## Recomendation:

Install [Reshade](https://reshade.me) on Dead Island and use my present (.ini file) to get better graphics.
- The ReShadePreset.ini may be loaded into Reshade app (during game, press "home" and skip tutorial. Load setting and select that present).
---
## Changed:

Gameplay/settings/optimizations/etc:
- Fov of player has been changed from 62.5 to 97.5, trying to get realistic gamesense
- Fov on boat has been changed to 85 from 60 and boost mode (when accelerate it) to 45 from 60. This trying to simulate a speed-fov-realistic visual effect.
- Quick Slot count set as default 8 (no level influenced) stucked.
- Now "performance mode" its a really performance mode. Lowest settings possible to runs as hell.
- Quality mode: its highest settings for beauty video settings
- Regeneration has decreased to 15hp, slower speed and hardest health stuffs.
- Carriable objects are more balanced...
- More damage receive by zombis. Bite: 70 (from 11), hands: 20 (from 7) and more angle to be biten: 80 (from 60)
- critical health reduced to 5, from 25.
- Regeneration max level reduced to 10 from 30.
- Now, health restore to 15 (without habilities) from critical state.
- On critical health, a damage multiplier activate to survival instinc
- __Repulsion__ effect decreased from 10 to 5.
- __Run__ distance of zombies has more capable to be varialbe
- Melee weapons rework: more speed, damage, critical chance but... also, less durability.
- Blunt weapons rework: less speed, more damage, critical chance and more durability.
- firearms got a buff (obviusly are firearms, it need more damage).
- Fist now are semi-useless BUT, have more exp multiplier and speed increased.
- More distance to throw items.
- Lootpick crates got a buff, now tier 3 got a 100% prob. to a lenged item. tier 2: 66% and tier 1:33% 
- Special habilities from survivor got buff (to reforce concept on each one).
- Every survivor got a rework of their own habilities (rage got a buff, health and stammina balanced). Also, each one of survivors got a diferent speed, stammina, acceleration, etc. So try to playing everyone.
- Female survivors are by default faster than male survivors but have less health. Male survivors have more health but less acceleration and spring speed.
- Health max level: now every five levels you will get a max level bonus (instance every level) but this gonna give you more health whe you reach 60 level. example; before max health was: 240, now while you reach level 60, you got 340 max health. 
---
### I want to support you!
[Gift'em a Coffee cup!](patreon.com/TeamDisaster)
